lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic-${MODPY_EGG_VERSION}.dist-info/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic-${MODPY_EGG_VERSION}.dist-info/LICENSE
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic-${MODPY_EGG_VERSION}.dist-info/METADATA
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic-${MODPY_EGG_VERSION}.dist-info/RECORD
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic-${MODPY_EGG_VERSION}.dist-info/WHEEL
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic-${MODPY_EGG_VERSION}.dist-info/entry_points.txt
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic-${MODPY_EGG_VERSION}.dist-info/top_level.txt
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/__init__.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/__init__.py
${MODPY_COMMENT}lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/${MODPY_PYCACHE}/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/${MODPY_PYCACHE}__init__.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/${MODPY_PYCACHE}__init__.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/${MODPY_PYCACHE}_hypothesis_plugin.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/${MODPY_PYCACHE}_hypothesis_plugin.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/${MODPY_PYCACHE}annotated_types.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/${MODPY_PYCACHE}annotated_types.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/${MODPY_PYCACHE}class_validators.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/${MODPY_PYCACHE}class_validators.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/${MODPY_PYCACHE}color.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/${MODPY_PYCACHE}color.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/${MODPY_PYCACHE}config.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/${MODPY_PYCACHE}config.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/${MODPY_PYCACHE}dataclasses.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/${MODPY_PYCACHE}dataclasses.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/${MODPY_PYCACHE}datetime_parse.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/${MODPY_PYCACHE}datetime_parse.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/${MODPY_PYCACHE}decorator.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/${MODPY_PYCACHE}decorator.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/${MODPY_PYCACHE}env_settings.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/${MODPY_PYCACHE}env_settings.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/${MODPY_PYCACHE}error_wrappers.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/${MODPY_PYCACHE}error_wrappers.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/${MODPY_PYCACHE}errors.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/${MODPY_PYCACHE}errors.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fields.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/${MODPY_PYCACHE}fields.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/${MODPY_PYCACHE}generics.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/${MODPY_PYCACHE}generics.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/${MODPY_PYCACHE}json.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/${MODPY_PYCACHE}json.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/${MODPY_PYCACHE}main.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/${MODPY_PYCACHE}main.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/${MODPY_PYCACHE}mypy.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/${MODPY_PYCACHE}mypy.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/${MODPY_PYCACHE}networks.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/${MODPY_PYCACHE}networks.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/${MODPY_PYCACHE}parse.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/${MODPY_PYCACHE}parse.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/${MODPY_PYCACHE}schema.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/${MODPY_PYCACHE}schema.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/${MODPY_PYCACHE}tools.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/${MODPY_PYCACHE}tools.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/${MODPY_PYCACHE}types.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/${MODPY_PYCACHE}types.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/${MODPY_PYCACHE}typing.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/${MODPY_PYCACHE}typing.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/${MODPY_PYCACHE}utils.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/${MODPY_PYCACHE}utils.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/${MODPY_PYCACHE}validators.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/${MODPY_PYCACHE}validators.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/${MODPY_PYCACHE}version.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}${MODPY_PYOEXTENSION}
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/${MODPY_PYCACHE}version.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}pyc
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/_hypothesis_plugin.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/_hypothesis_plugin.py
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/annotated_types.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/annotated_types.py
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/class_validators.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/class_validators.py
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/color.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/color.py
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/config.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/config.py
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/dataclasses.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/dataclasses.py
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/datetime_parse.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/datetime_parse.py
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/decorator.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/decorator.py
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/env_settings.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/env_settings.py
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/error_wrappers.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/error_wrappers.py
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/errors.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/errors.py
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/fields.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/fields.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/generics.py
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/json.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/json.py
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/main.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/main.py
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/mypy.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/mypy.py
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/networks.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/networks.py
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/parse.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/parse.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/py.typed
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/schema.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/schema.py
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/tools.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/tools.py
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/types.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/types.py
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/typing.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/typing.py
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/utils.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/utils.py
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/validators.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/validators.py
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/version.${MODPY_PYC_MAGIC_TAG}so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pydantic/version.py
